Update instructions for AWS web application (#404)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/aws/ContinuousIntegration/WebApp.rst

.. _aws-continuous-integration-web-app:

Continuous integration of the AWS web application
#################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. note::

    This is an advanced topic that is closely tied with the further development and customization of the nRF Asset Tracker for your purposes.
    See the `GitHub project page of the nRF Asset Tracker Web Application for AWS <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js/>`_ for an implementation of the process outlined in this section.

Every change to the project is tested using a head-less browser with the `Playwright <https://Playwright.dev>`_ framework. This ensure that all dependencies of the web application work as intended and present the data in the correct way.

Running end-to-end tests during development
*******************************************

The end-to-end tests run against an instance of the :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <index_aws>`.

> Either, use the credentials you created, :ref:`when setting up the solution <aws-getting-started>`, or enable the Web App CI feature and use the dedicated credentials created for this task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use either the credentials you created, :ref:`when setting up the solution <aws-getting-started>`, or enable the Web App CI feature and use the dedicated credentials created for this task.
```

> The latter option is the recommended approach since it limits the permission scope to only the needed ones. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latter option is the recommended approach since it limits the permissions to only the ones needed. 
```

> They can also be used to :ref:`run the end-to-end tests on GitHub Actions <aws-continuous-integration-web-app-github>`.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use the credentials to :ref:`run the end-to-end tests on GitHub Actions <aws-continuous-integration-web-app-github>`.
```

> They can also be used to :ref:`run the end-to-end tests on GitHub Actions <aws-continuous-integration-web-app-github>`.

Reviewer: What is "they" here? Credentials in general, the dedicated credentials for the task, or the permissions?

Reviewer 2: And also change this to active voice -> You can also use "them" (whatever that refers to).

Add these environment variables to your ``.envrc`` file:

.. parsed-literal::
    :class: highlight

    # add to .envrc
    export AWS_REGION="*your preferred AWS region*"
    export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="*value of Access key ID*"
    export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="*value of Secret access key*"
    export WEBAPP_STACK_NAME="*name of your web application stack*"

> Run the following command to allow the changed ``.envrc`` file

Author: ```suggestion
Run the following command to allow the changed ``.envrc`` file:
```

> Run the following command to allow the changed ``.envrc`` file

Reviewer: Does allowing need to be explained better here? My first instinct was that this sentence is missing the end.

Author: At this point users are familier with `.envrc` from the getting started guide: https://nordicsemiconductor.github.io/asset-tracker-cloud-docs/saga/docs/aws/GettingStarted/AWSCredentials.html

.. code-block:: bash

  direnv allow

> Running the tests
> -----------------
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

You can then run the tests using

.. code-block:: bash

>   npx playwright test

Reviewer: A subheading for one command seems extraneous, especially since it's already under a heading about running the tests.

Playwright Inspector
--------------------

For developing tests it is helpful to run the `Playwright Inspector <https://playwright.dev/docs/inspector>`_.

> You can enabled the inspector during the tests by running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the inspector during the tests, run:
```

.. code-block:: bash

  PWDEBUG=1 npx playwright test

.. _aws-continuous-integration-web-app-github:

Running end-to-end tests using GitHub Actions
*********************************************

`This workflow <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js/blob/41705dae8a5d4d7067c023297a3d38a2f0d1106e/.github/workflows/test-and-release.yaml>`_ runs the end-to-end tests for every commit.

> For this to work a running instance of :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <index_aws>` is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this to work, you need a running instance of :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <index_aws>`.
```

> The tests will be run agains this instance.
> Typically it will be the production instance, to ensure that the web application works with the current production setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tests run against this instance.
Typically it is the production instance, to ensure that the web application works with the current production setup.
```

Follow the :ref:`Getting started guide <aws-getting-started>` to set up the instance to be used for the tests.

> In order for the test runner to interact with the instance for retrieving the app configuration and for providing test data you need to configure AWS credentials as `GitHub environment secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-an-environment>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test runner needs to interact with the instance to retrieve the app configuration and to provide test data.
For this to be possible, you need to configure AWS credentials as `GitHub environment secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-an-environment>`_.
```

> Enable the web application CI of the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS:

Reviewer 2: How about having these as numbered steps?

.. code-block:: bash

  node cli configure context stack web-app-ci 1

Set these secrets:

- ``AWS_REGION``
- ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID``
- ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``
- ``WEBAPP_STACK_NAME``

> You can acquire them using the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS CLI:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Acquire the secrets using the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS CLI:
```

.. code-block:: bash

  node cli web-app-ci -s

You can set the secrets through the GitHub UI (make sure to create the ``production`` `environment <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/targeting-different-environments/using-environments-for-deployment>`_ in your repository first).

> Alternatively you can use the `GitHub CLI <https://cli.github.com/>`_  using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the `GitHub CLI <https://cli.github.com/>`_  with the
```

The tests run against this instance.
Typically, it is the production instance, to ensure that the web application works with the current production setup.
Follow the :ref:`Getting started guide <aws-getting-started>` to set up the instance to be used for the tests.

The test runner needs to interact with the instance to retrieve the application configuration and to provide test data.
You need to configure AWS credentials as `GitHub environment secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-an-environment>`_.

1. Enable the web application CI of the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS:

   .. code-block:: bash

     node cli configure context stack web-app-ci 1

#. Acquire the secrets using the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS CLI:

   .. code-block:: bash

     node cli web-app-ci -s

#. Set the secrets:

  - Set the secrets using the GitHub UI:

    You can set the secrets through the GitHub UI (make sure to create the ``production`` `environment <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/targeting-different-environments/using-environments-for-deployment>`_ in your repository first).

>     Set these secrets:
>     - ``AWS_REGION``
>     - ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID``
>     - ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``
>     - ``WEBAPP_STACK_NAME``

Reviewer 3: There is some problem with the rendering of the bullets.
```suggestion
    Set these secrets:
    
    - ``AWS_REGION``
    - ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID``
    - ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``
    - ``WEBAPP_STACK_NAME``
```

>   - Set the secrets using the GitHub CLI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Set the secrets using the GitHub CLI:
```

.. _aws-continuous-integration-web-app:

Continuous integration of the AWS web application
#################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. note::

    This is an advanced topic that is closely tied with the further development and customization of the nRF Asset Tracker for your purposes.
    See the `GitHub project page of the nRF Asset Tracker Web Application for AWS <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js/>`_ for an implementation of the process outlined in this section.

> Every change to the project is tested using a head-less browser with the `Playwright <https://Playwright.dev>`_ framework. This ensure that all dependencies of the web application work as intended and present the data in the correct way.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Every change to the project is tested using a head-less browser with the `Playwright <https://Playwright.dev>`_ framework.
This ensure that all dependencies of the web application work as intended and present the data in the correct way.
```

Running end-to-end tests during development
*******************************************

The end-to-end tests run against an instance of the :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <index_aws>`.

Use either the credentials you created, :ref:`when setting up the solution <aws-getting-started>`, or enable the Web App CI feature and use the dedicated credentials created for this task.
The latter option is the recommended approach since it limits the permissions to only the ones needed. 
You can also use the credentials to :ref:`run the end-to-end tests on GitHub Actions <aws-continuous-integration-web-app-github>`.

> 1. Add these environment variables to your ``.envrc`` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Add the following environment variables to your :file:`.envrc` file:
```

   .. parsed-literal::
       :class: highlight

       # add to .envrc
       export AWS_REGION="*your preferred AWS region*"
       export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="*value of Access key ID*"
       export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="*value of Secret access key*"
       export WEBAPP_STACK_NAME="*name of your web application stack*"

> #. Run the following command to allow the changed ``.envrc`` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Run the following command to allow the changed :file:`.envrc` file:
```

   .. code-block:: bash

     direnv allow

> #. You can then run the tests using

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. You can then run the tests using the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: bash

     npx playwright test

Playwright Inspector
--------------------

> For developing tests it is helpful to run the `Playwright Inspector <https://playwright.dev/docs/inspector>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For developing tests, it is helpful to run the `Playwright Inspector <https://playwright.dev/docs/inspector>`_.
```

To enable the inspector during the tests, run:

.. code-block:: bash

  PWDEBUG=1 npx playwright test

.. _aws-continuous-integration-web-app-github:

Running end-to-end tests using GitHub Actions
*********************************************

> `This workflow <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js/blob/41705dae8a5d4d7067c023297a3d38a2f0d1106e/.github/workflows/test-and-release.yaml>`_ runs the end-to-end tests for every commit.

Reviewer 3: Is the following change ok?
```suggestion
`The Test and Release workflow <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js/blob/41705dae8a5d4d7067c023297a3d38a2f0d1106e/.github/workflows/test-and-release.yaml>`_ runs the end-to-end tests for every commit.
```

For this to work, you need a running instance of :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <index_aws>`.
The tests run against this instance.

> Typically it is the production instance, to ensure that the web application works with the current production setup.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Typically, it is the production instance, to ensure that the web application works with the current production setup.
```

Follow the :ref:`Getting started guide <aws-getting-started>` to set up the instance to be used for the tests.

The test runner needs to interact with the instance to retrieve the app configuration and to provide test data.
For this to be possible, you need to configure AWS credentials as `GitHub environment secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-an-environment>`_.

1. Enable the web application CI of the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS:

   .. code-block:: bash

     node cli configure context stack web-app-ci 1

#. Acquire the secrets using the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS CLI:

   .. code-block:: bash

     node cli web-app-ci -s

> #. Set the secrets

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Set the secrets:
```

>   a. set the secrets using the GitHub UI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  a. Set the secrets using the GitHub UI:
```

     You can set the secrets through the GitHub UI (make sure to create the ``production`` `environment <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/targeting-different-environments/using-environments-for-deployment>`_ in your repository first).

     Set these secrets:

     - ``AWS_REGION``
     - ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID``
     - ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``
     - ``WEBAPP_STACK_NAME``

>   #. set the secrets using the GitHub CLI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  #. Set the secrets using the GitHub CLI
```

.. _aws-continuous-integration-web-app:

Continuous integration of the AWS web application
#################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. note::

    This is an advanced topic that is closely tied with the further development and customization of the nRF Asset Tracker for your purposes.
    See the `GitHub project page of the nRF Asset Tracker Web Application for AWS <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js/>`_ for an implementation of the process outlined in this section.

Every change to the project is tested using a head-less browser with the `Playwright <https://Playwright.dev>`_ framework.

> This ensure that all dependencies of the web application work as intended and present the data in the correct way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This ensures that all dependencies of the web application work as intended and present the data in the correct way.
```

   .. code-block:: bash

     direnv allow

#. You can then run the tests using the following command:

   .. code-block:: bash

     npx playwright test

Playwright Inspector
--------------------

For developing tests, it is helpful to run the `Playwright Inspector <https://playwright.dev/docs/inspector>`_.

To enable the inspector during the tests, run:

.. code-block:: bash

  PWDEBUG=1 npx playwright test

.. _aws-continuous-integration-web-app-github:

Running end-to-end tests using GitHub Actions
*********************************************

`The Test and Release workflow <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js/blob/41705dae8a5d4d7067c023297a3d38a2f0d1106e/.github/workflows/test-and-release.yaml>`_ runs the end-to-end tests for every commit.
For this to work, you need a running instance of :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <index_aws>`.
The tests run against this instance.
Typically, it is the production instance, to ensure that the web application works with the current production setup.
Follow the :ref:`Getting started guide <aws-getting-started>` to set up the instance to be used for the tests.

> The test runner needs to interact with the instance to retrieve the app configuration and to provide test data.
> For this to be possible, you need to configure AWS credentials as `GitHub environment secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-an-environment>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The test runner needs to interact with the instance to retrieve the application configuration and to provide test data.
You need to configure AWS credentials as `GitHub environment secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-an-environment>`_.
```

1. Enable the web application CI of the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS:

   .. code-block:: bash

     node cli configure context stack web-app-ci 1

#. Acquire the secrets using the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS CLI:

   .. code-block:: bash

     node cli web-app-ci -s

#. Set the secrets:

>   a. Set the secrets using the GitHub UI:

Reviewer 2: As these two are alternative, they should probably be just bullets, not ordered list.
